         These 2 DB-update sessions (TdcL2DB/TAU2DB) use calibration 
       files created befor during corresponding calibration sessions 
       (TdcLin/TAUCal) to combine them and write properly formatted
       records into related section of DB. The names of these sections
       (so called TDV-names) are displayed in "GeneralInfo/Settings"
       section of the window under the name "CalSetName". You can select
       files in needed RunN/Date limits. You also can check the quality
       of these files (by clicking "Check"-button) and exclude suspicious
       ones from writing to DB. You can also scan and see the quality of
       files in archive-directory (where the processed files are stored).
       This can be useful to get better understanding of parameters 
       evolution in time.  
         After processing the calibration- and log-files should be 
       archived (the routine processing). Set to 'ON'(orange color)
       "ArchiveOnExit" switch in advance.  
         Use TdcL2DB or TAU2DB buttons on TofCommander's primery menu to
       start related session.
   
       The complete set of Tof-paddles calibration parameters consists
    of 5 sub-sets:
    
    1) "Tdelv", for each paddle keep : 
       a) Offset in 2 sides time difference for
          particles crossing the middle of the paddle;
       b) Effective light velocity along the paddle.
       
    2) "Amplf", for each paddle/side keep : 
       a) Relative anode channel amplification wrt to some reference 
          paddle (there are few reference counters, each one 
          is representative of counters group with the same design);
       b) Relative dynodes channels amplification;
       c) Dynodes (averaged) relative amplification wrt common anode
          channel;
                for each reference paddle keep :
       a) Total (2sides sum) anode signal impact point dependence 
          parameters;
       b) Absolute normalization (conversion factor from
          pC to Edep(mev));
       
    3) "Tzslw", for each paddle keep :
       a) Offset to measured time (Time=(t1+t2)/2) to have proper
          particle velocity measurement;
                common for all paddles/sides:
       b) Average slewing correction parameter (to compensate
          Time vs Ampl dependence due to the threshold);
       
    4) "Cstat", for each paddle/side keep :
       a) Calibration status for each above type of calibration
          (0/1=>ok/bad);
	  
    5) "Tdcor", for each crate, SFET(4 per crate) and inp.channel
       (6 channels per SFET, sumHT and sumSHT channels are not 
       calibrated) keep :
       a) TDC channel integral nonlinearity over 1 period of 25ns
          (this 25ns(1024bins) structure is repeated over whole TDC
	  measurement range)  
      
         The information from first 4 file types is combined befor 
     writing to DB, the 5th type of file is processed alone. 
       
       
		 
          The standard actions sequence for the DBupdate-session is :
	  
       Enter UserName/Passw in 'General Info/Settings' console ->
     Do necessary selections in 'Job Settings' console -> "Scan"[repeat
     if necessary with changed date(run) range] -> "Check"[check quality
     and remove some files if necessary, -> "Close"] -> "UpdDB" ->
     "QuitSess"(when prev.step is over after 5-10 mins - you will see 
     successful completion message) -> "Exit".
  
     
     
          The particular buttons description is shown below:

		     

    "RunNumber<=>Date-Button:"
                     Click it if you changed any default setting
    for search limits on calib-files run-numbers/dates. This action will
    convert RunNumber <=> RunDate values for each changed limit.
      
      
    "Scan-Button:" 
		     Scan calib-files storage directory (differente
    for TAUC and TDCL files) searching  for calib-file(s) in pre-defined
    low/high RunNumbers(=Dates) window. If low-boundary > high-boundary
    - ALL existing calib-files are selected. The run-numbers sorted list
    of found files is saved into memory. After that the program stops
    and give you the announsement. You can repeate scan with modified
    dates/runnumbers window if nesessary.
    
    
    "DB ReadOnly-Button:"
                     when this switch is ON (orange), the
    clicking of "UpdDB"-button results to call to
    Offline Program in "no-real-update" mode thus updating
    the corresponding map-file to see existing records and
    their parameters (Begin/End/Insert-times).

    
    "ScanArchive-Button:"
                     being switched-on provides scanning
    of Archive-dir instead of store-dir with its original 
    calib-files. Useful when you realised that something
    was wrong in one of the previous sessions and want to
    repeat DB-update with some of already archived files
    ( pay special attention to dates window selection !).
    The described below button will have no effect because
    the processed files are already archived. If wrong
    session was not the last one - include also into the
    dates window the files written after your bad session 
    and use in any case "DBrewriteMode" in order to have more
    simple DB-structure (update in default "DBinsertMode" is also
    possible, but not really checked yet). 
        
    
    "ArchiveOnExit-Button:"
                     being switched-on provides archiving
    of original calib-files written to DB during 
    current session. This archiving is done really during
    "QuitSess" sequence (see below). 


    "UpdDB-Button:"
                     start DB-update by calling Offline
    Program in special "DB-update" mode for each selected 
    calib-file. There are two mode of updating depending on 
    pre-selected switch on "Job-settings" pannel: 
    "DBinsertMode" or "DBrewriteMode". First mode provides
    calculation of begin/end times for every new record 
    (calib-files set) in accordance with begin/end times of 
    existing records. The second mode delete all old 
    DB-records with begin-times inside of requested dates
    window, delete old  map-file and write
    new records with their begin-times (end-times is year
    2020). The request to run in this mode will require your 
    confirmation. It is implied that the 1st filling of DB 
    was done as series of records with increasing beg-times
    and the end-times at year 2020. The DB new map-file will 
    be recreated and refilled by Offline Program 
    automatically at every subsequent call. Warning: your
    last DB-writen calibration record is still not accounted
    for in map-file befor next call to Offline Program. 
    So the dry(ReadOnly) run is always useful to update
    map-file and see its real contents befor real DB-update.
    
    
    "QuitSess-Button:"
                   Create current session DB-update history
    file (contains one line per each processed calib.set : run
    number of first run in the set and DB-update status (2->done)
                   Save full-history LogFile screen into
    "DBWrTAUC(TDCL)sessLog.xxxxxx." file, where xxxxxx is the 
    session time stamp. This file is moved to /archive directory.
                   Archive (if requested) calib/log-files into
    /archive directory.
    
    
    "Check-Button:"
                    open the control pannel for calibration
    files quality control. Based on shown plots you can
    remove any of previously selected files from the list of 
    candidates for DB-updating.

    
    
    "ResetPlot-Button:"
                    resets points in the currently displayed
    plot. Particularly the SUBSEQUENT calls to the same plot 
    will superimpose the new and old points, but the color for 
    new ones will be changed (repetition period is 5) with each
    new fill.
    
        
     



















 
